Oh
[Music]
it's not often I would stop at a stand
to take a look at an inland day boat but
this is the work of the rand brothers
they are young Danish guys who operate a
higher fleet of these things out of
Copenhagen and they brought this to the
London Boat Show and it is well worth a
look
now this boat is called the rammed
picnic and the guys want it to be the
very best picnic boat in the world at
this length to that end it might just be
18-foot but it's big enough to contain
ten people there's 600 liters of storage
really giving the bow another seven
hundred liters here under my backside
and when you sit at the helm
you're not exiled at all from the party
in fact you sit here right at the head
of the table now I know this looks like
quite a gentlemanly pedestrian sort of
boat and in many ways it is that you can
spec it in just about any color you like
you can spec it with 60 horsepower
conventional outboard for 33 not
performance but I have to say in this
standard package with a cruise for on
the transom it will go for eight hours
at four or five knots of remember Dave
oh that is just perfect
[Music]
you